Gamehub - universe of games
Course Assignment

Level 1 Process

Look over the data collected from Hotjar and determine whether there are any aspects of the site that could cause problems for users. Consider conducting further contextual inquiry interviews. These interviews will allow you to see users interacting with the site in-person.
Perform accessibility testing on your website to ensure it’s easy to use for users with accessibility issues.
Decide on which areas of the site to focus and then improve the interactions for users.
Use your skills in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to improve the website.
Once you’ve added your changes, test the site with at least one more user (preferably 3-5). Gain feedback from the user and determine whether the changes you’ve made have improved the issues on the website.
Write a report detailing the research you conducted during this course, and include the changes you made to your website.

In this assignment, you’ll be using the WordPress REST API to manage the products for your website deployed on Netlify. Instead of having the products hardcoded into the HTML, you will use JavaScript to fetch the list of WordPress products and display them on your site.
It’s essential to note the two different aspects of the assignment: the WordPress REST API running on your web host, and your JavaScript in the cross-course project, making a call to that API. WordPress will generate a front-end, but that’s not what we’re using it for in this assignment; we’re using it as a Headless CMS.

Level 2 Process

Create an installation of WordPress on your web host and ensure you set it to be headless so that the front-end generated by WordPress is hidden from the public.
Add the WooCommerce plugin and add products onto the site. There should be at least five products added to the site.
Using JavaScript, fetch the data from the WordPress REST API and add it to your website in the relevant sections of your cross-course project. If you have a ‘Featured’ section, find a way to flag ‘Featured items’ on WordPress and pull that onto your pages.
Using query string parameters allow the user to click on an individual item in the product list and take them to see that product, with the specific data for that product on the page. If your site doesn’t currently have a product specific page, please add one.
Submit a link to the website on Netlify.

Requirements

Because your sites will all have slightly different designs, the areas that need improvement will be different. But by the end of the course assignment, you should have at least updated the following:
The purchase/cart functionality
The contact form with JavaScript validation.

Submission

By the end of the CA, you will: 
have installed WordPress on a web host and created a list of products 
be making an API call to fetch the products to your cross-course project
be using query strings to let the user click to view an individual product. 
You need to complete all of the above to receive a passing grade. 
